- Okay?
- Yeah.
Billy Moore!
No, no, no.
I want to fight!
I have to fight. I have to fight.
- You got the money?
- Yeah, man.
Thanks.
Okay.
I don't speak Thai. I don't...
I don't know what you're saying,
I don't know what you're sayin'.
I don't know what you're fucking saying,
I don't understand.
Yeah.
Yes.
I have something special for you.
Hmm?
I have something special.
Take it.
Heroin.
Take a seat.
You okay?
Hey, you okay? Hey.
We are the same.
You! You!
Look at me. Look.
Dead.
Look.
Come on...
I'm your friend.
I am Tiffany.
My name is Tiffany.
I'm so beautiful inside.
You're sick.
If the guards find anyone gambling,
smoking or tattooing,
you'll be punished.
Understand?
Stand up.
Walk to the dormitory.
Stay in line. No talking.
Don't push!
Get off me!
Fuck off! Fuck off!
You fucking around with me?
I'm going to fuck you up.
I'm going to fuck you up!
You want to fucking fight?!
Your name?
- Billy.
Billy. Surname?
- Moore.
- Billy Moore.
Billy Moore... Moore.
Billy Moore.
Police?
You police?
Yaba.
You sell yaba?
- Yeah.
- Yaba? You said yaba?
Sit down!
You have money?
- No.
- No?
You work?
- Boxer. Boxer.
- Boxer?
You understand?
Listen. Listen, listen.
Yes, I understand.
No. No cock.
- No cock.
No cock. No Moore?
No Moore.
Stand up!
Twenty.
Listen.
One...
Hey! Okay, okay, okay...
Quick! Quick, quick!
Stop it, man. Fuck's sake.
Okay. Stand up!
What are you doing man?
Don't fucking touch me!
Fuck off!
No, no. I stay here. I stay here.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You! Don't speak!
Okay? You.
Sit down!
- I need painkillers.
- I don't have.
What do you mean, you don't have?
You're an infirmary.
I was told you did tramadol for free.
Not free for you.
What do you mean, it's not free?
I've just seen you give it
to five people in a row.
You need to pay.
No, I've got no money.
I've got no money.
I've been told it's free.
You have cigarette for me?
No, I don't have no...
I have no cigarettes, okay?
I've got no...
I have got no--
and I just want tramadol.
This is not right. Give me...
No, fuck you, man.
Eh? Who wants to fucking go next?
Who wants to fucking go next?
You love ladyboys?
You love ladyboys!
Hey.
Yes.
Do you remember me?
I just wanted to, um...
say thank you for the other day.
For what?
For helping me when--
when I was in a bad way.
Okay.
And I wanted to ask as well if I--
if I could get some cigarettes?
Your family put money
in your account, right?
I've got no family.
No family, no money, no cigarettes.
I'm going to get some money
next week, okay? In my account.
I just need you borrow me
some cigarettes,
and I'll pay you back.
I give you only one. This way.
- Which one?
- Red ones.
- Tell me your name, please.
- Billy.
- What's your name, by the way?
- My name is Fame.
Nice to meet you, Fame.
Nice to meet you, Billy.
Uh, can I just get
one more packet, please?
Why is the fan blade missing?
- Cell boss! Where is the blade?
- I don't know, sir!
How the hell don't you know!
Everybody! In the yard!
Someone got killed.
I found yaba, sir.
It's not mine. It's not mine.
Confess, Billy.
It's not mine.
Look. Look, this is mine.
That's mine. That's my top.
That's my top.
That's not mine, I swear to God.
That's not my shirt!
That's fucking not mine!
Look, it doesn't even fit.
It doesn't even fucking fit.
Look, it's fucking too small.
It's not mine.
I promise you, it's not mine.
Hey.
- Later.
- Heroin?
Later.
Get inside.
Hey, you.
Yaba?
It's my yaba.
- Huh?
- My yaba.
It's from a ladyboy.
You've got the stuff, man?
Step back.
Fuck you!
Fuck you, man!
Where is your fucking heart, man?
Where is your fucking heart?
You just pay me.
If you don't have money,
the Muslim guys...
just beat them for me.
Smash them.
They're not good for my business.
I'm not gonna beat up
some fucking Muslims, all right?
You're a boxer, man. Don't be scared.
I'm not fucking scared!
I'm not fucking scared.
I don't give a fuck about that.
I'm not scared.
I'll fucking beat up everyone
in this fucking prison, if I have to.
I'm saying to you,
I just need a hit now.
If you fucking give me a hit now,
I'll fucking do whatever you want, man.
I'll do whatever you fucking want.
They almost died.
Take it.
I told you, just beat them,
not try to kill them.
Take it.
Billy!
Family visit
for prisoner William Moore!
Prisoner William Moore!
You see me?
I'm happy to see you.
Are you okay?
I had a fight.
I won. Number one.
I'm sorry to see you like this.
It's all right.
Take care, Billy.
Stop! Sit down!
Why don't you care about each other?
You eat together.
You sleep in the same room.
You do activities together.
Don't you have any sense of unity?
Prison is for men,
not for dogs!
Can't you speak to one another?
Why do you fight?
What is there to gain?
I want to train.
I want to train!
Hey.
- I want to box.
- Go!
I'm a boxer. I can show you.
I can fight.
I need to fight.
Let me In!
Come on, just...
Just let me show you.
All right? Same, same. I'm a boxer.
Go!
Come on, man, let me in...
Hey.
How are you?
Look, I'm sorry about not
bringing the cigarettes back.
I've had a fucking rough time.
And I was wondering maybe if I can
get some more cigarettes...
join the boxing team.
I wanna fight again.
Just give me this one chance, and I
promise you I'll fucking pay you back.
I swear to God, Fame.
I'll prove it to you.
I'll make it up to you.
Hey. Hey!
I got these for you.
Come.
- You okay?
- Okay.
You fight?
- Boxing.
- Oh, boxing!
I wanna bet. Cigarette.
- How many?
- Two packs.
Two packs.
Come on, hey.
Two packs. Cigarettes.
- No.
- My fucking fish won.
My fish won.
Give me two packs of cigarettes.
I fucking won, man!
I fucking won!
Fucking...
The rule is the rule. He won.
No, boss, this prick is tricky.
Follow the rules. How much did he bet?
Hey.
It's from your girlfriend?
No, no, no. Fighting fish.
- I won a bet.
- Okay.
No girlfriend, no family.
No. No girlfriend.
I wanted to apologize actually,
because I lied to you about me dad.
Not having a family.
I've got a dad, I've got brothers.
They don't know I'm in prison.
It's okay.
- Why are you in here anyway?
- I killed my father.
Why?
He beat me.
He was not happy with who I am.
Sorry.
Put 'em up. Put 'em up.
Put 'em up! Come on!
Put 'em up.
Go on.
Just fucking do it.
Eh? One, two.
See and decide.
You... No! Okay?
Again.
One-two.
Seventy-eight kilos.
Hey!
Fucking go! Fucking go!
Your fight at Songkran
was a fucking mess.
You will be transferred.
You're going to move
to the boxing team cell
and share their privileges.
You're the first foreigner to compete
to qualify for national tournament.
Consider this an honor.
The tournament will take place
in another prison.
You have only two months to train.
If you don't want to represent
our prison, say now.
I can.
- I wanna fight.
- Good.
Thank you, sir.
Oh. Wait.
From your father.
Thank you, sir.
See you later.
Look after yourself, all right?
When I was arrested,
I pleaded guilty for my girlfriend.
I got five years.
When I realized
I was gonna be in for five years,
I went wild.
I killed three people in prison,
stabbed them.
Three?
He killed three.
It's been 13 years now.
Seeing people leaving this prison
makes me want to go home.
So I joined the boxing team,
trying to be a better man.
You know what you get
from being a boxer?
Your life inside here
is better than any regular prisoners.
Sometimes, you can fight outside
and see your family.
Even if it's just for a few minutes, it
warms your heart.
Me...
South Thailand and Bangkok.
- I killed...
- Two people.
My family is poor,
so I decided to be a hitman.
Life sentence for a hitman.
You...
No good.
Yes?
Fame.
- Fame.
- Sorry, I'm busy now.
I'm busy now, okay?
I'm not talking to you.
What the fuck are you doing?
You move fast, don't you?
I'm not fucking talking to you!
You fucking piss me off.
You fucking wanna go?
You wanna fucking go?
You're boring. You're boring.
You're a fucking liar.
- You're boring.
- I don't lie!
You're a fucking liar!
I said fucking hit me.
Fucking hit me.
Come on, fucking hit me.
Fucking hit me, come on.
Fucking hit me.
Fucking hit me, then, eh?
Fucking hit me, eh?
Fucking gloves.
Lek, I'm sorry.
Lek, I'm sorry, okay? I fucked up.
I made a mistake.
Sorry?
Lek, I'm fucking sorry.
One-two, one-two, one-two.
Okay, push-up.
This song is about a woman
who is ready to wait forever
for the man she loves.
One, two.
- Okay.
- One more, one more!
Hey, Billy.
Money!
I'm gonna get
your money, all right?
I'm gonna get it.
I've got a fight coming up.
I'm gonna win, okay?
I'm gonna win. I'm gonna fight.
I'm gonna fucking win, all right?
I'm gonna fucking win, okay?
I'm gonna get the money
for you, all right?
I'm gonna win the fight.
I got AIDS. You want?
You lose...
I'm okay.
I've got a tournament coming up.
It's all I've got.
The reason why you have
a rupture is because of boxing
and the massive abuse
of drugs and alcohol.
Any more trauma, and frankly,
you could bleed to death.
Look, Mr. Moore,
I'm sorry.
I'll keep me guard up.
- Okay?
- Yeah.
Okay?
Hello?
William Moore.